support docker and cis version (#84)
aquasecurity/docker-bench: README.md

| CIS Benchmark | docker-bench cfg directory | Docker versions |
|---|---|---|
| [Docker Benchmark v1.2.0](https://workbench.cisecurity.org/benchmarks/2351) | cis-1.2 | 18.09 and Docker Enterprise 2.1 |
| [Docker Community Edition Benchmark v1.1.0](https://workbench.cisecurity.org/benchmarks/552) | cis-1.1 | 17.06 |
| [Docker Benchmark v1.0.0](https://workbench.cisecurity.org/benchmarks/363) | cis-1.0 | 1.13.0 |

docker-bench will determine the test set to run based on the Docker version running on the host machine. 

> The version to run tests for can also be specified manually with the `--version <ver>` or `--benchmark <var>` commandline flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version to run tests for can also be specified manually with the `--version <Docker version>` or `--benchmark <CIS benchmark version>` commandline flag.
```
